docs: nextjs example changes (#5438)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/examples/login/nextjs.md

Note that the signIn method requires the id of our provider which is in our case `zitadel`.

### Userinfo API

To show userinformation you can either use the data from the idToken, or call the userinfo endpoint. In our case we implement the Userinfo API which loads user data.

> To implement the API you have to create a file under the `pages/api` folder, called `userinfo.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the API, you can create a file under the `pages/api` folder and call it `userinfo.ts`.
```

The file should look like the following.

```ts reference

> https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-nextjs/blob/main/pages/api/userinfo.ts

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12727842/225043417-73ef1977-d6b2-41f1-bda5-2d2ac102bd57.png)

Reviewer: ah first https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel-nextjs/pull/6, huh?
